on October 13th revenge was on the minds
of the five and Oh pescado a chief says
they hosted the one in three old bridge
nights the nights upset Piscataway last
season but quarterback rashon cooper of
pescado is gonna make sure that's not
gonna happen again here he drops back
and his if a hit is tied in John Briggs
for a 32 yard gain over the middle down
to the old bridge ten yard line and on
the very next play it's their main man
it's berry Gerrard he's gonna get into
the end zone for a 10 yard touchdown run
it's seven to nothing in favor of the
Chiefs old bridge though would respond
with an impressive drive here it's
quarterback Chris Suazo gonna run for
nine yards and then as the team's switch
sides in the second quarter it's suazo
some powerful running eight more yards
as the Knights near midfield when it was
all set in those two 16 play 75 yard
drive capped off by this 2 yard run by
number 3 Greg Payton things are tied up
at 7 as the Knights eat up 7 minutes off
the clock next possession from
Piscataway the explosive offense would
get yarn
Gerrard's gonna hand to coleman petit
and the explosive wide receiver takes it
30 yards down to the 10 yard line of Old
Bridge on the very next play once again
it's berry Gerrard wasting no time he
gets right into the end zone hitting you
our touchdown it's 13 to 7 in favor of
skate away first play for Old Bridge on
their next possession it's Suazo
dropping back to pass but he's gonna be
intercepted by number 3 justin Blake
who's gonna have a real nice return here
in fact get in the end zone for an
apparent touchdown but it would be
called back because of holding but shed
no tears if you're a Piscataway fan
because it only took them to place to
get back into that end zone here it's
Gerard with some nice running down to
the one-yard line after a 19 yard pickup
and then Gerard's gonna finish things
off three times the charms for Barry his
third touchdown of the game and it's 19
7 at this point in favor of Scott away
they would go 4-2 after missing an
earlier p80 and it's Griggs on the
receiving end of this Cooper past it's
21 to 7 Scott away all right before the
half now Marvin Booker's gonna get in
for the script of Suazo and Griggs gonna
recover
give Scott away one last chance before
the end of the half and as they usually
do they capitalize it's petit here gonna
take the wide receiver screen
and 54 yards later is off to the races
and into the endzone for a fourth
Piscataway touchdown of the half three
TDs in the final for 21 of that first
half for the Chiefs as they go into the
locker room with a 28 to 7 lead in the
second half we go down it's Girardi at
16 carries for 113 yards here it takes
it down to the old bridge 32 yard line
and then later on the drive he'd get a
fourth score with some patient running
here he slips into the end zone and it's
35 to 7 in favor of the Chiefs and with
that big lead Piscataway had a chance to
rest some starters and here's the backup
James white number 22 with some
impressive running here as he's dragging
old bridge defenders he gets down to
about the 5 yard line and then it's
white he's gonna finish off what he
started here is another patient run by
pescado a back he's gonna get into the
end zone for a 41 the 7 Scotto a lead
they would go on to win it 41 to 13 no
upset this year as the Chiefs improve to
6 and OH